Change chain status from string to value - LIP0049 (#304)
LiskHQ/lips: proposals/lip-0049.md

        raise Exception("Registration message must be sent from a direct channel.")

    if chainAccount(ccm.sendingChainID).status != CHAIN_STATUS_REGISTERED:

>         raise Exception("Registration message must be sent from a chain with status 0.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        raise Exception("Registration message must be sent from a chain with status "+str(CHAIN_STATUS_REGISTERED)+".")
```

Reviewer: I don't think we should hard-code constants in the error messages.
